Drop U32 Table (#74)
TritonVM/triton-vm: specification/src/pseudo-instructions.md

# Pseudo Instructions

> In order to keep the Instruction Set Architecture small, resulting in a fester overall proving time due to simpler arithmetization, some convenient-to-have instructions are not implemented natively, but are instead simulated using existing instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keeping the instruction set small results in a faster overall proving time due to simpler arithmetization. Some convenient-to-have instructions are not implemented natively, but are instead simulated using existing instructions.
```
